Abstraction: Hiding implementation details and showing only essential 
features.

Real world idea: You use a car without knowing how the engine works
internally.

Abstraction is achieved in Java using 
i)Abstract classes
ii)Interfaces


Abstract classes:
It contans both abstract and non-abstract(concrete) methods.
Can not be instantiated.(no object directly)

abstract method - no body
concrete method - with body

Interfaces:(100% abstraction) 
It is a blueprint of a class that contains abstract methods and 
contants.

Java 8 : default method, static method
Java 9: private

implements keyword

default method: To add new feature with breaking existing code

Polymorphism: One thing many forms

Types: i)Run Time ii)Compile Time(Method Overloading)

addition of numbers

Rules:
i)Method name must be same.
ii)Parameters must be different.
   a)Number of parameters or
   b)Type of parameters or
   c)Order of parameters
iii)Return type alone can not diffentiate methods.   
iv)Can happen in the same or parent-child class.
v)can overload static methods.


Runtime Polymorphism:
Method overriding means child class provides a specific implementation 
of a method already defined in the parent class.

It is resolved at runtime (Dynamic Method Dispatch)


Rules:
i)Method name must be same
ii)Parameters must be same
iii)Must be in parent-child relationship
iv)Return type must be same or convarient(subtype is allowed).
v)Access modifier: Can not be more restrictive, can be more accessible.
vi)Can not override: final, static, private
vii)Use @Override annotation(recommended) 

Packages: Java packages are a namespace used to organize related
classes and interfaces into a hierarichical structre.


Why?
i)Avoid name conflict
ii)Better code/file orginization
iii)Access control
iv)Reusability

Types: 
 i)Built-in(API) - java.lang, java.util, java.io, java.sql
 ii)User Defined - 
 
 
 -> Declare package (package <name>)
 -> Create class 
 -> compile(javac -d . Hello.java) 
 -> Run(java packagename.classname)
 
 package com.company.project.module;
 
 /com/company/project/module/
 
 
 Best Practice:
 
 ABC - abc.com

 com.abc 
i) Use the reverse domain naming
ii)Keep package name in lowercase
iii)Separete layers : model, repository, service, controllers, config, dto, security, util
   





